[Release Guide] Document Release Cycles (#718)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/development/contribution-guide/_index.en.md

## Release Cycles

> The Submariner project follows time based release cycles, each cycle is 16 weeks long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Submariner project follows time based release cycles where each cycle is 16 weeks long.
```

> The Submariner project follows time based release cycles, each cycle is 16 weeks long.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Submariner follows 16 week long time-based release cycles.
```

Author: I think original is easier to understand, with this one it isnt clear what time-based relates to.
We want to emphasize that the cycles are time based hence I wrote it explicitly.

> Blocking bugs might cause a delay in the final release date, while new features will never be a reason to delay the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A blocking bug might cause a delay in the final release date however an incomplete new feature will not.
```

> Blocking bugs might cause a delay in the final release date, while new features will never be a reason to delay the release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blocking bugs may delay final releases. New features shall not be a reason to delay releases.
```

Author: We're talking about the GA yes? So "releases" doesn't make sense in this context.

Also "shall not" sounds a bit too pompous IMHO :)

> Blocking bugs might cause a delay in the final release date, while new features will never be a cause fo delaying the release.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Blocking bugs might cause a delay in the final release date, while new features will never be a reason to delay the release.
```

> While blocking bugs may delay the [general availability](#general-availability) release date, new features won't be a reason to delay it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While blocking bugs may delay the [general availability](#general-availability) release date, new features will not.
```

> Features that were partially implemented in a given release will be considered "experimental" and will not have any support commitment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A features that was partially implemented in a given release will be considered "experimental" and will not have any support commitment.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd keep the original. I think it makes sense to be consistently plural here.
